Fix 5 missing redirects (#76)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/rns/architecture/rsk-registrar/rskowner.md

---
layout: rsk
title: RSK Owner
---

[0x45d3e4fb311982a06ba52359d44cb4f5980e0ef1](https://explorer.rsk.co/address/0x45d3e4fb311982a06ba52359d44cb4f5980e0ef1)

Owner of _rsk_ top level domain. It can `setSubdomainOwner` in RNS.

- It represents domain ownership implementing [ERC-721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721)<sup>1</sup> non-fungible token standard. This standard provides basic functionality to track and transfer NFTs<sup>2</sup>.

> - Stores domains' expiration time. The expiration time determines wether a domain is owned or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stores domains' expiration time. The expiration time determines whether a domain is owned or not.
```

- Determines if a domain is available to be purchased.
- Accepts domain ownership clamming from previous _rsk_ registrar.
- Grants access to other contracts for registering new domains (registrar role)<sup>2</sup>.
- Grants access to other contracts for renewing domains (renewer role)<sup>2</sup>.
- Allows to reclaim ownership in RNS of owned domains.
- It has an owner that can<sup>2</sup>
  - Change _rsk_ tld resolver and ttl.
  - Add/remove registrar contracts.
  - Add/remove renewer contracts.

## Implementation

RSK Owner is an [`Ownable`](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/ownership/Ownable.sol) contract and represents domain labels ownership fully compatible with [ERC-721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721) interface using [OpenZeppelin's implementation](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC721/ERC721.sol).

> The implementation is devided in two main parts: the public methods exposed by RSK Owner, and the restricted access methods to manage upgrades to the solution that will not be described in this article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The implementation is divided into two main parts: The public methods exposed by RSK Owner, and the restricted access methods to manage upgrades to the solution. The latter will not be described in this article.
```
